I don't know the word dad
The word poverty
Do you know the word poverty?
It's a slightly offensive word.
It's beautiful.
Too bad it doesn't belong to me after today
Why? Poverty.
If you like it, stay
This bracelet is worth 500,000
The starting price for second-hand is 400,000
You know how much 400,000 can do?
I really don't know that firewood, rice, oil and salt are expensive
Okay, I'm going to cut fruit for the kids and so on
I want to tell you something.
Well, I am.
At work
Let me take this.
Ok you take it first
Recruit, come on
Mr. Fang, last time you asked me to check Mrs.
What happened to the company and the wind?
Got the result
Say it's because of the design
The planning department thinks the lady's design plan is good
But the company is too small to be stylish
I made an excuse to refuse, ma'am
Gave the order to the more famous Song family
The Song family did nothing else
Uh, Song Jia invited someone from the planning department to dinner
A little more gift
It's Song Jiagan
Feng Sona Tomorrow Crown Hotel
Will the signing meeting with Song Jia still be held?
Shin Shin of course
Tomorrow I will send it with his new and old accounts.
Yes
Honey, do you have time tomorrow?
I'm taking you to the Crown Hotel
See the good show